 # dev-catalyst-project
  When I was first presented with the Dev Catalyst challenge, I immediately knew I wanted to create a project about something I loved. No project is complete without passion, so I looked to activities and ideas I was passionate towards in order to get inspiration for this website. The brainstorming session led me through many ideas such as student government, fashion, church, and beta. I finally landed on our school's theatre program as my final solution. I was excited to be able to explore two of my favorite fields at the same time: coding/website development and the performing arts.
  
  I began my project by going to our school's theatre director, Mrs. Lauren Cleek. I explained to her my task and asked her for any specific suggestions or information that she would like to be present on the page. She was very open to any and all ideas. She gave me almost free reign over how the website was laid out, what information was on there, and what the overall presentation of it looked like. 
  
  After this meeting, I began to brainstorm and wire-frame my many ideas I had for this website. The beginning stages were difficult, as I would have tons of ideas one day and major writer's block the next. I tinkered with the idea of a sliding webpage, but I soon found it was going to have too many errors that I would have to trouble-shoot. As I began to reconstruct my plan, I fell into the habit of changing my mind all too often. New ideas were constantly popping into my head and I wasn't sure which path to follow. Feeling a little overwhelmed, I decided to take a new (and simpler!) approach. Instead of burdening my page with a bunch of fancy gimics, my thought was to keep it clean and attractive to the eye. A sleek and modern layout would pave the way to the rest of my project as I then began to collect the information for the site itself.
  
    I split my page into five major categories: home, about, past shows, coming up, and contact. This made for an easy guideline on how the pages of my site would be set up. I created a quick template of how I wanted each of my pages to look in order to keep them uniform. This layout consisted of two columns in which I could split up different sections of the page based on the topic. My next step was to take all of the information and simply plug it into this format. While sizing and making the page responsive posed some issues, this step was fairly easy.
    
  The only thing left to do after this was finalize my webpage. I made some tweaks and adjusted some sizing in order to create the most responsive site possible. I double checked all of my pages and links to be sure that they were correct and in good working order. Overall, I am very happy with the end product! I feel it is easy to follow and meets the demands of the clients to the page, which I feel is the most important part of any website!  
